readme.md, before:

# Begin basic Create React App + API

$BADGE

[Create React App](https://create-react-app.dev/)'s starter app, extended by [Begin](https://begin.com)-based API endpoints.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:


### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.


### `npm test`

Runs the api tests


### `npm test:i`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.


### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.


### `npm run serve`

Builds the app for production then launches the sandbox server at [http://localhost:3333](http://localhost:3333) so you can test the production build.


### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (Webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.


## Learn More

### Begin Reference
- [Quickstart](https://docs.begin.com/en/guides/quickstart/) - basics on working locally, project structure, deploying, and accessing your Begin app
- [Creating new routes](https://docs.begin.com/en/functions/creating-new-functions) - basics on expanding the capabilities of your app

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).
Head to [docs.begin.com](https://docs.begin.com/) to learn more!


### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting


### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size


### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app


### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration


### Deployment

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment


### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify

Commit message:

Adds Deploy to Begin badge

readme.md, after:

# Begin basic Create React App + API

$BADGE

[Create React App](https://create-react-app.dev/)'s starter app, extended by [Begin](https://begin.com)-based API endpoints.


## Deploy your own

$DEPLOY

Deploy your own clone of this app to Begin!


## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:


### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.


### `npm test`

Runs the api tests


### `npm test:i`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.


### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.


### `npm run serve`

Builds the app for production then launches the sandbox server at [http://localhost:3333](http://localhost:3333) so you can test the production build.


### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (Webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.


## Learn More

### Begin Reference
- [Quickstart](https://docs.begin.com/en/guides/quickstart/) - basics on working locally, project structure, deploying, and accessing your Begin app
- [Creating new routes](https://docs.begin.com/en/functions/creating-new-functions) - basics on expanding the capabilities of your app

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).
Head to [docs.begin.com](https://docs.begin.com/) to learn more!


### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting


### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size


### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app


### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration


### Deployment

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment


### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify
